[![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=OTkzOjI0OQ==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMzQ5IDM0IiB3aWR0aD0iMzQ5IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjM0IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-
empty-
id=OTkzOjQwMg==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMzQ5IDM0IiB3aWR0aD0iMzQ5IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjM0IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-
empty-
id=OTkzOjU1NQ==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMzQ5IDM0IiB3aWR0aD0iMzQ5IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjM0IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-
empty-
id=OTkzOjcxNQ==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMzQ5IDM0IiB3aWR0aD0iMzQ5IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjM0IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/)

__

  * Mental Health __

    * [Anxiety __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety-disorders/ "Learn more about Anxiety Disorders")

      * [What is Anxiety?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety/ "Anxiety Disorders: Types, Treatments, Symptoms & More")
      * [Types of Anxiety Disorders](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety-types/)
      * [Signs & Symptoms of Anxiety](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety-symptoms-signs/ "Anxiety Symptoms, Signs, & What to Watch For")
      * [Treatments for Anxiety](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety-treatment/ "Anxiety Treatment: Therapy, Medication, Lifestyle & Self Help")
      * [Anxiety Statistics](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety-statistics/ "Anxiety Statistics, Facts, & Resources")
      * [See More Anxiety Content](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety-disorders/ "See all the Anxiety content from Choosing Therapy ")
      * [Find an Anxiety Specialist](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/ "Therapy for Anxiety – Choosing Therapy Directory")

    * [Depression __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/depression/ "Depression: Types, Treatments, Symptoms, & More")

      * [What is Depression?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/depression/)
      * [Types of Depression](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/depression-types/)
      * [Signs & Symptoms of Depression](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/depression-symptoms/ "Depression Symptoms, Signs, & What to Watch For")
      * [Treatments for Depression](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/how-to-treat-depression/ "How to Treat Depression: Therapy, Medication, Lifestyle & Self Help")
      * [Depression Statistics](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/depression-statistics/)
      * [Find a Depression Specialist](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/)

    * [Bipolar Disorder __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bipolar-disorder/ "Bipolar Disorder: Symptoms, Signs, & Treatments")

      * [What is Bipolar Disorder?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bipolar-disorder/)
      * [Bipolar I vs. Bipolar II](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bipolar-i-vs-bipolar-ii/)
      * [Signs & Symptoms of Bipolar Disorder](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bipolar-disorder-signs-symptoms/ "Bipolar Disorder: Signs & Symptoms")
      * [Bipolar Disorder Cycles](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bipolar-cycles/)
      * [Treatments for Bipolar Disorder](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bipolar-disorder-treatments/ "Bipolar Disorder Treatments: Therapy, Medication, Lifestyle Changes, & Self Help")
      * [Find a Bipolar Disorder Specialist](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/)

    * [ADHD __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/adhd/ "Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder \(ADHD\): Signs, Symptoms, and Treatments")

      * [What is ADHD?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/adhd/)
      * [ADHD Signs & Symptoms](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/adhd-signs-symptoms/)
      * [ADHD & Depression](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/adhd-depression/)
      * [Find an ADHD Specialist](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/)

    * [Addiction __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/addiction/ "Addiction: Types, Symptoms, Causes & Treatment Options")

      * [What is Addiction?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/addiction/)
      * [What Are Behavioral Addictions?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/behavioral-addictions/ "Behavioral Addictions: Types, Symptoms, Causes, & Treatments")
      * [Addiction vs Dependence](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/addiction-vs-dependence/)
      * [Addiction Myths vs Facts](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/addiction-myths-and-facts/ "Addiction Myths vs Facts")
      * [Addiction Statistics](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/addiction-statistics/)
      * [How to Help a Friend](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/help-loved-one-addiction/)
      * [Find an Addiction Specialist](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/)

    * [Eating Disorders __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/eating-disorders/ "Eating Disorders: Types, Treatments & How To Get Help")

      * [Anorexia](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anorexia/ "Anorexia Nervosa: Signs, Symptoms, & Treatments")
      * [Bulimia](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bulimia/ "Bulimia Nervosa: Symptoms, Signs, & Treatments")

    * [Personality Disorders __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/personality-disorders/ "Personality Disorders: Types, Symptoms, Treatments, & More")

      * [Obsessive Compulsive Personality Disorder __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/obsessive-compulsive-personality-disorder/ "OCPD: Signs, Symptoms, & Treatments")

        * [OCD vs. OCPD](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/ocd-vs-ocpd/ "OCD vs. OCPD: Understanding the Differences")

    * [Trauma __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/psychological-traumatic-stress-disorders/ "Psychological Traumatic-Stress Disorders: Types, Symptoms, Causes, & Treatments")

      * [Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/post-traumatic-stress-disorder/ "PTSD: Symptoms, Causes, & Treatment")

        * [PTSD & COVID-19](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/ptsd-and-covid-19/ "Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder \(PTSD\) and COVID-19")

      * [Childhood Trauma](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/childhood-trauma/ "Childhood Trauma: Types, Causes, Signs, and Treatments")

    * [Sexual Disorders __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/sexual-disorders/ "Sexual Disorders: Types, Symptoms, Causes & Treatments")

      * [Gender Dysphoria](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/gender-dysphoria/ "Gender Dysphoria: Symptoms, Signs, & Treatments")
      * [Anorgasmia](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anorgasmia/ "Anorgasmia: Causes & Treatment Options")
      * [Female Sexual Arousal Disorder (FSAD)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/female-sexual-arousal-disorder/ "Female Sexual Arousal Disorder \(FSAD\): Symptoms, Causes, & Treatments")
      * [Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder (HSDD)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/hypoactive-sexual-desire-disorder/ "Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder \(HSDD\): Symptoms, Causes, & Treatments")
      * [Premature Ejaculation (PE)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/premature-ejaculation/ "Premature Ejaculation: Causes & Treatment Options")
      * [Delayed Ejaculation](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/delayed-ejaculation/ "Delayed Ejaculation: Causes & Treatment Options")

    * [Schizophrenia](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/schizophrenia/ "Schizophrenia: Symptoms, Treatments & More")

  * Therapy Techniques __

    * [Psychotherapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/psychotherapy/ "Psychotherapy: What It Is & Who It’s Right For")
    * [Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cognitive-behavioral-therapy/ "Cognitive Behavioral Therapy: How It Works & What To Expect")

      * [CBT for Anxiety](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cbt-for-anxiety/ "CBT for Anxiety: How It Works & Examples")
      * [CBT for Social Anxiety](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cbt-for-social-anxiety/ "CBT for Social Anxiety: How It Works, Examples & Effectiveness")
      * [CBT for Panic Disorder](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cbt-for-panic-disorder/ "CBT for Panic Disorder: How It Works, Examples & Effectiveness")
      * [CBT for Insomnia](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cbt-for-insomnia/ "CBT for Insomnia: How It Works & What to Expect")
      * [CBT Online](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cbt-online/ "Where to Get CBT Online, What it Costs, & What to Expect")

    * [Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT) __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/dialectical-behavior-therapy/ "Dialectical Behavior Therapy \(DBT\): How It Works & What To Expect")

      * [DBT for Teens](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/dbt-for-teens/ "DBT for Teens: How It Works, Examples & Effectiveness")

    * [Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/acceptance-and-commitment-therapy/ "Acceptance and Commitment Therapy \(ACT\): What It Is & How It Works")
    * [Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR) __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/emdr/)

      * [EMDR for PTSD](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/emdr-for-ptsd/)
      * [EMDR for Anxiety](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/emdr-for-anxiety/)
      * [EMDR Online](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/emdr-online/)

    * [Art Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/art-therapy/ "Art Therapy: How It Works & What To Expect")
    * [Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/applied-behavior-analysis/ "Applied Behavior Analysis \(ABA\): How It Works & What to Expect")
    * [Exposure and Response Prevention](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/exposure-and-response-prevention-therapy/ "Exposure and Response Prevention Therapy: What It Is & How It Works")
    * [Group Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/group-therapy/ "Group Therapy: Types, How It Works, & What to Expect")
    * [Hypnotherapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/hypnotherapy/ "Hypnotherapy: How It Works & What to Expect")
    * [Motivational Interviewing](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/motivational-interviewing/ "Motivational Interviewing: How It Works & What To Expect")
    * [Person Centered Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/person-centered-therapy/ "Person Centered Therapy: How It Works and What to Expect")
    * [Online Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/online-therapy/ "Online Therapy: How It Works, What It Costs, & What to Expect")
    * [Rational Emotive Behavioral Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/rational-emotive-behavioral-therapy/ "Rational Emotive Behavioral Therapy \(REBT\): How It Works & What to Expect")
    * [Sex Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/sex-therapy/ "Sex Therapy: How It Works, What It Costs & What to Expect")

  * Types of Therapists __

    * [Faith-Based & Christian Counselors](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/faith-based-counseling/ "Faith-Based & Christian Counseling: What It Is & What to Expect")
    * [Life Coaching](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/life-coaching/ "Life Coaching: What It Is, What It Costs, And What To Expect")
    * [Family Therapist __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/family-therapy/ "Family Therapy: How It Works & What To Expect")

      * [Child & Teen Counseling](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/child-teen-counseling/ "What to Expect When Sending Your Child or Teen to Counseling")

    * [Marriage & Couples Counselors __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/marriage-couples-counseling/ "Marriage & Couples Counseling: What It Is and How It Works")

      * [Premarital Counseling](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/premarital-counseling/ "Premarital Counseling: What It Is & What to Expect")

    * [Psychiatrist __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/psychiatry/ "Psychiatry: What It Is & What to Expect")

      * [Psychology vs. Psychiatry](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/psychology-vs-psychiatry/ "Clinical Psychology vs. Psychiatry: Key Differences & What Each Does")

    * [Psychotherapist](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/psychotherapy/ "Psychotherapy: What It Is & Who It’s Right For")
    * [Online Therapists](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/online-therapy/ "Online Therapy: How It Works, What It Costs, & What to Expect")
    * [Grief Counselors](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/grief-counseling/ "Grief Counseling: How It Works, What It Costs, & What to Expect")

  * Starting Therapy FAQ __

    * [Does Therapy Work? __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/does-therapy-work/ "Does Therapy Work? The Effectiveness of Psychotherapy")

      * [How to Find a Therapist](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/how-to-find-a-therapist/)
      * [Helping a Friend or Loved One](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/get-help-for-a-loved-one/)

    * [How to Choose a Therapist __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/how-to-choose-a-therapist/ "How to Choose a Therapist, Counselor, & Psychologist")

      * [Finding a Black Therapist](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/finding-a-black-therapist/ "Finding & Choosing a Black Therapist")
      * [Finding a Latinx Therapist](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/find-a-latinx-therapist/)
      * [Finding an LGBTQ-Friendly Therapist](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/finding-an-lgbtq-therapist/ "Finding and Choosing an LGBTQ-Friendly Therapist")
      * [Finding a Therapist as a Young Adult](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/find-therapist-as-young-adult/)
      * [Finding an Online Therapist](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/find-online-therapist/ "Finding & Choosing an Online Therapist")

    * [Preparing for Your First Session](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/prepare-for-first-therapy-session/ "How to Prepare for Your First Therapy Session")
    * [Types of Mental Health Professionals](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/types-of-mental-health-professionals/ "Types of Mental Health Professionals: Education, Credentials, Licenses & More")
    * [Mental Health Insurance __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/mental-health-insurance/ "Health Insurance for Mental Health: Deciphering Coverage, Cost, & More")

      * [HSAs for Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/hsa-therapy-mental-health/ "Using an HSA for Therapy, Counseling & Mental Health")
      * [Sliding Scale Therapy Fees](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/sliding-scale-therapy/ "Sliding Scale Therapy: What It Is & Who It’s For")

    * [Mental Health in the Workplace __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/mental-health-in-the-workplace/ "Mental Health in the Workplace: Stats & Trends")

      * [Asking for a Mental Health Day](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/ask-for-mental-health-day-off/ "How to Ask Your Boss for a Mental Health Day Off Work")
      * [Taking Time Off for Mental Health](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/time-off-work-for-mental-health/ "Taking Time Off Work for Mental Health")

    * [Top Mental Health Organizations __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/top-mental-health-organizations/ "30 Top Mental Health Organizations  in the US")

      * [Mental Health Resources Outside the U.S.](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/mental-health-resources-outside-us/ "Mental Health Resources Outside the U.S.")

  * About Us __

    * [About Us](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/about-us/)
    * [Editorial Policy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/editorial-policy/)
    * [Advertising Policy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/advertising-policy/)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/privacy-policy/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/contact-us/)
    * [Write for Us](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/write-for-us/ "How to Become a Choosing Therapy Contributor")
    * [Join the Directory](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/for-providers)
    * [Careers](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/careers/)

  * Therapist Directory __

    * [Find a Therapist](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/directory)
    * [Join the Directory](https://providers.choosingtherapy.com/claim-your-profile/create-account)
    * [Directory Login](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/login)

__

  * Mental Health __

    * [Anxiety __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety-disorders/ "Learn more about Anxiety Disorders")

      * [What is Anxiety?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety/ "Anxiety Disorders: Types, Treatments, Symptoms & More")
      * [Types of Anxiety Disorders](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety-types/)
      * [Signs & Symptoms of Anxiety](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety-symptoms-signs/ "Anxiety Symptoms, Signs, & What to Watch For")
      * [Treatments for Anxiety](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety-treatment/ "Anxiety Treatment: Therapy, Medication, Lifestyle & Self Help")
      * [Anxiety Statistics](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety-statistics/ "Anxiety Statistics, Facts, & Resources")
      * [See More Anxiety Content](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anxiety-disorders/ "See all the Anxiety content from Choosing Therapy ")
      * [Find an Anxiety Specialist](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/ "Therapy for Anxiety – Choosing Therapy Directory")

    * [Depression __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/depression/ "Depression: Types, Treatments, Symptoms, & More")

      * [What is Depression?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/depression/)
      * [Types of Depression](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/depression-types/)
      * [Signs & Symptoms of Depression](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/depression-symptoms/ "Depression Symptoms, Signs, & What to Watch For")
      * [Treatments for Depression](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/how-to-treat-depression/ "How to Treat Depression: Therapy, Medication, Lifestyle & Self Help")
      * [Depression Statistics](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/depression-statistics/)
      * [Find a Depression Specialist](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/)

    * [Bipolar Disorder __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bipolar-disorder/ "Bipolar Disorder: Symptoms, Signs, & Treatments")

      * [What is Bipolar Disorder?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bipolar-disorder/)
      * [Bipolar I vs. Bipolar II](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bipolar-i-vs-bipolar-ii/)
      * [Signs & Symptoms of Bipolar Disorder](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bipolar-disorder-signs-symptoms/ "Bipolar Disorder: Signs & Symptoms")
      * [Bipolar Disorder Cycles](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bipolar-cycles/)
      * [Treatments for Bipolar Disorder](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bipolar-disorder-treatments/ "Bipolar Disorder Treatments: Therapy, Medication, Lifestyle Changes, & Self Help")
      * [Find a Bipolar Disorder Specialist](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/)

    * [ADHD __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/adhd/ "Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder \(ADHD\): Signs, Symptoms, and Treatments")

      * [What is ADHD?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/adhd/)
      * [ADHD Signs & Symptoms](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/adhd-signs-symptoms/)
      * [ADHD & Depression](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/adhd-depression/)
      * [Find an ADHD Specialist](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/)

    * [Addiction __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/addiction/ "Addiction: Types, Symptoms, Causes & Treatment Options")

      * [What is Addiction?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/addiction/)
      * [What Are Behavioral Addictions?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/behavioral-addictions/ "Behavioral Addictions: Types, Symptoms, Causes, & Treatments")
      * [Addiction vs Dependence](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/addiction-vs-dependence/)
      * [Addiction Myths vs Facts](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/addiction-myths-and-facts/ "Addiction Myths vs Facts")
      * [Addiction Statistics](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/addiction-statistics/)
      * [How to Help a Friend](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/help-loved-one-addiction/)
      * [Find an Addiction Specialist](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/)

    * [Eating Disorders __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/eating-disorders/ "Eating Disorders: Types, Treatments & How To Get Help")

      * [Anorexia](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anorexia/ "Anorexia Nervosa: Signs, Symptoms, & Treatments")
      * [Bulimia](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/bulimia/ "Bulimia Nervosa: Symptoms, Signs, & Treatments")

    * [Personality Disorders __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/personality-disorders/ "Personality Disorders: Types, Symptoms, Treatments, & More")

      * [Obsessive Compulsive Personality Disorder __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/obsessive-compulsive-personality-disorder/ "OCPD: Signs, Symptoms, & Treatments")

        * [OCD vs. OCPD](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/ocd-vs-ocpd/ "OCD vs. OCPD: Understanding the Differences")

    * [Trauma __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/psychological-traumatic-stress-disorders/ "Psychological Traumatic-Stress Disorders: Types, Symptoms, Causes, & Treatments")

      * [Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/post-traumatic-stress-disorder/ "PTSD: Symptoms, Causes, & Treatment")

        * [PTSD & COVID-19](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/ptsd-and-covid-19/ "Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder \(PTSD\) and COVID-19")

      * [Childhood Trauma](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/childhood-trauma/ "Childhood Trauma: Types, Causes, Signs, and Treatments")

    * [Sexual Disorders __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/sexual-disorders/ "Sexual Disorders: Types, Symptoms, Causes & Treatments")

      * [Gender Dysphoria](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/gender-dysphoria/ "Gender Dysphoria: Symptoms, Signs, & Treatments")
      * [Anorgasmia](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anorgasmia/ "Anorgasmia: Causes & Treatment Options")
      * [Female Sexual Arousal Disorder (FSAD)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/female-sexual-arousal-disorder/ "Female Sexual Arousal Disorder \(FSAD\): Symptoms, Causes, & Treatments")
      * [Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder (HSDD)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/hypoactive-sexual-desire-disorder/ "Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder \(HSDD\): Symptoms, Causes, & Treatments")
      * [Premature Ejaculation (PE)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/premature-ejaculation/ "Premature Ejaculation: Causes & Treatment Options")
      * [Delayed Ejaculation](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/delayed-ejaculation/ "Delayed Ejaculation: Causes & Treatment Options")

    * [Schizophrenia](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/schizophrenia/ "Schizophrenia: Symptoms, Treatments & More")

  * Therapy Techniques __

    * [Psychotherapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/psychotherapy/ "Psychotherapy: What It Is & Who It’s Right For")
    * [Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cognitive-behavioral-therapy/ "Cognitive Behavioral Therapy: How It Works & What To Expect")

      * [CBT for Anxiety](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cbt-for-anxiety/ "CBT for Anxiety: How It Works & Examples")
      * [CBT for Social Anxiety](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cbt-for-social-anxiety/ "CBT for Social Anxiety: How It Works, Examples & Effectiveness")
      * [CBT for Panic Disorder](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cbt-for-panic-disorder/ "CBT for Panic Disorder: How It Works, Examples & Effectiveness")
      * [CBT for Insomnia](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cbt-for-insomnia/ "CBT for Insomnia: How It Works & What to Expect")
      * [CBT Online](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cbt-online/ "Where to Get CBT Online, What it Costs, & What to Expect")

    * [Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT) __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/dialectical-behavior-therapy/ "Dialectical Behavior Therapy \(DBT\): How It Works & What To Expect")

      * [DBT for Teens](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/dbt-for-teens/ "DBT for Teens: How It Works, Examples & Effectiveness")

    * [Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/acceptance-and-commitment-therapy/ "Acceptance and Commitment Therapy \(ACT\): What It Is & How It Works")
    * [Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR) __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/emdr/)

      * [EMDR for PTSD](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/emdr-for-ptsd/)
      * [EMDR for Anxiety](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/emdr-for-anxiety/)
      * [EMDR Online](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/emdr-online/)

    * [Art Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/art-therapy/ "Art Therapy: How It Works & What To Expect")
    * [Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/applied-behavior-analysis/ "Applied Behavior Analysis \(ABA\): How It Works & What to Expect")
    * [Exposure and Response Prevention](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/exposure-and-response-prevention-therapy/ "Exposure and Response Prevention Therapy: What It Is & How It Works")
    * [Group Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/group-therapy/ "Group Therapy: Types, How It Works, & What to Expect")
    * [Hypnotherapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/hypnotherapy/ "Hypnotherapy: How It Works & What to Expect")
    * [Motivational Interviewing](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/motivational-interviewing/ "Motivational Interviewing: How It Works & What To Expect")
    * [Person Centered Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/person-centered-therapy/ "Person Centered Therapy: How It Works and What to Expect")
    * [Online Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/online-therapy/ "Online Therapy: How It Works, What It Costs, & What to Expect")
    * [Rational Emotive Behavioral Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/rational-emotive-behavioral-therapy/ "Rational Emotive Behavioral Therapy \(REBT\): How It Works & What to Expect")
    * [Sex Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/sex-therapy/ "Sex Therapy: How It Works, What It Costs & What to Expect")

  * Types of Therapists __

    * [Faith-Based & Christian Counselors](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/faith-based-counseling/ "Faith-Based & Christian Counseling: What It Is & What to Expect")
    * [Life Coaching](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/life-coaching/ "Life Coaching: What It Is, What It Costs, And What To Expect")
    * [Family Therapist __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/family-therapy/ "Family Therapy: How It Works & What To Expect")

      * [Child & Teen Counseling](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/child-teen-counseling/ "What to Expect When Sending Your Child or Teen to Counseling")

    * [Marriage & Couples Counselors __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/marriage-couples-counseling/ "Marriage & Couples Counseling: What It Is and How It Works")

      * [Premarital Counseling](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/premarital-counseling/ "Premarital Counseling: What It Is & What to Expect")

    * [Psychiatrist __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/psychiatry/ "Psychiatry: What It Is & What to Expect")

      * [Psychology vs. Psychiatry](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/psychology-vs-psychiatry/ "Clinical Psychology vs. Psychiatry: Key Differences & What Each Does")

    * [Psychotherapist](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/psychotherapy/ "Psychotherapy: What It Is & Who It’s Right For")
    * [Online Therapists](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/online-therapy/ "Online Therapy: How It Works, What It Costs, & What to Expect")
    * [Grief Counselors](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/grief-counseling/ "Grief Counseling: How It Works, What It Costs, & What to Expect")

  * Starting Therapy FAQ __

    * [Does Therapy Work? __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/does-therapy-work/ "Does Therapy Work? The Effectiveness of Psychotherapy")

      * [How to Find a Therapist](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/how-to-find-a-therapist/)
      * [Helping a Friend or Loved One](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/get-help-for-a-loved-one/)

    * [How to Choose a Therapist __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/how-to-choose-a-therapist/ "How to Choose a Therapist, Counselor, & Psychologist")

      * [Finding a Black Therapist](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/finding-a-black-therapist/ "Finding & Choosing a Black Therapist")
      * [Finding a Latinx Therapist](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/find-a-latinx-therapist/)
      * [Finding an LGBTQ-Friendly Therapist](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/finding-an-lgbtq-therapist/ "Finding and Choosing an LGBTQ-Friendly Therapist")
      * [Finding a Therapist as a Young Adult](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/find-therapist-as-young-adult/)
      * [Finding an Online Therapist](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/find-online-therapist/ "Finding & Choosing an Online Therapist")

    * [Preparing for Your First Session](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/prepare-for-first-therapy-session/ "How to Prepare for Your First Therapy Session")
    * [Types of Mental Health Professionals](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/types-of-mental-health-professionals/ "Types of Mental Health Professionals: Education, Credentials, Licenses & More")
    * [Mental Health Insurance __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/mental-health-insurance/ "Health Insurance for Mental Health: Deciphering Coverage, Cost, & More")

      * [HSAs for Therapy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/hsa-therapy-mental-health/ "Using an HSA for Therapy, Counseling & Mental Health")
      * [Sliding Scale Therapy Fees](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/sliding-scale-therapy/ "Sliding Scale Therapy: What It Is & Who It’s For")

    * [Mental Health in the Workplace __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/mental-health-in-the-workplace/ "Mental Health in the Workplace: Stats & Trends")

      * [Asking for a Mental Health Day](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/ask-for-mental-health-day-off/ "How to Ask Your Boss for a Mental Health Day Off Work")
      * [Taking Time Off for Mental Health](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/time-off-work-for-mental-health/ "Taking Time Off Work for Mental Health")

    * [Top Mental Health Organizations __](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/top-mental-health-organizations/ "30 Top Mental Health Organizations  in the US")

      * [Mental Health Resources Outside the U.S.](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/mental-health-resources-outside-us/ "Mental Health Resources Outside the U.S.")

  * About Us __

    * [About Us](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/about-us/)
    * [Editorial Policy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/editorial-policy/)
    * [Advertising Policy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/advertising-policy/)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/privacy-policy/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/contact-us/)
    * [Write for Us](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/write-for-us/ "How to Become a Choosing Therapy Contributor")
    * [Join the Directory](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/for-providers)
    * [Careers](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/careers/)

  * Therapist Directory __

    * [Find a Therapist](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/directory)
    * [Join the Directory](https://providers.choosingtherapy.com/claim-your-profile/create-account)
    * [Directory Login](https://directory.choosingtherapy.com/login)

Skip to content

Renee Skedel, LPC2022-09-30T15:19:21+00:00

# **Renee Skedel, LPC**

![Renee Skedel, LPC](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTQzNjoyNzM0-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjUyIDMwMCIgd2lkdGg9IjI1MiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIzMDAiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)

[](https://www.instagram.com/sugarandtherapy92/
"Instagram")[](https://www.linkedin.com/in/renee-skedel-ms-lpc-7413b260/
"LinkedIn")

### Certifications:

Licensed Professional Counselor (Ohio)

### Areas of Focus:

  * Crisis resolution
  * Suicide risk assessment & intervention
  * Cognitive Behavioral Therapy
  * SPMI (Severe and Persistent Mental Illness)
  * Case management
  * Jail interventions
  * Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (interest, not certified)

### Education:

Bachelors of Science in Psychology with a Minor in Counseling & Human
Services, Northern Kentucky University

Masters of Science in Clinical Mental Health Counseling, Northern Kentucky
University

## **Renee 's Recent Articles**

  * [![What Are the Different Types of PTSD](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-id=MTQ1MjoxMDQ1-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNzAwIDQ0MSIgd2lkdGg9IjcwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0NDEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/types-of-ptsd/)

2022-09-26T18:33:16+00:00

#### [What Are the Different Types of
PTSD?](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/types-of-ptsd/)

  * [![Uncontrollable Crying Potential Causes & How to Stop](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-id=MTQ1MjoyMjQ4-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNzAwIDQ0MSIgd2lkdGg9IjcwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0NDEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/uncontrollable-crying/)

2022-10-02T22:07:42+00:00

#### [Uncontrollable Crying: Potential Causes & How to
Stop](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/uncontrollable-crying/)

  * [![FT_Checking_OCD](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-id=MTQ1MjozMzE5-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNzAwIDQ0MSIgd2lkdGg9IjcwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0NDEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/checking-ocd/)

2022-10-02T12:38:18+00:00

#### [Checking OCD: What It Is, Symptoms, &
Treatment](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/checking-ocd/)

  * [![Persecutory Delusions](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-id=MTQ1Mjo0NDI3-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNzAwIDQ0MSIgd2lkdGg9IjcwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0NDEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/persecutory-delusions/)

2022-05-11T14:48:37+00:00

#### [Persecutory Delusions: Definition, Examples, &
Treatments](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/persecutory-delusions/)

  * [![Identity Crisis: Signs, Symptoms, & Treatments](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-id=MTQ1Mjo1NTQ4-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNzAwIDQ0MSIgd2lkdGg9IjcwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0NDEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/identity-crisis/)

2022-09-21T06:41:05+00:00

#### [Identity Crisis: Signs, Symptoms, &
Treatments](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/identity-crisis/)

  * [![FT_Cognitive_Restructuring](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-id=MTQ1Mjo2Njc0-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNzAwIDQ0MSIgd2lkdGg9IjcwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0NDEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cognitive-restructuring/)

2022-09-28T11:06:53+00:00

#### [Cognitive Restructuring: How It Works, Tips, &
Effectiveness](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cognitive-restructuring/)

  * [![How to ABC Model Works in CBT](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-id=MTQ1Mjo3NzA3-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNzAwIDQ0MSIgd2lkdGg9IjcwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0NDEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/abc-model/)

2022-09-30T10:16:07+00:00

#### [How the ABC Model Works in CBT](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/abc-
model/)

  * [![Anthropophobia \(Fear of People\): Symptoms, Treatments, & How to Cope](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-id=MTQ1Mjo4ODY5-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNzAwIDQ0MSIgd2lkdGg9IjcwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0NDEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anthropophobia/)

2022-09-22T13:06:32+00:00

#### [Anthropophobia (Fear of People): Symptoms, Treatments, & How to
Cope](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/anthropophobia/)

  * [![Eco Anxiety: What It Is & How to Deal With It](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-id=MTQ1Mjo5OTc2-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNzAwIDQ0MSIgd2lkdGg9IjcwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0NDEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/eco-anxiety/)

2022-09-30T09:17:30+00:00

#### [Eco Anxiety: What It Is & How to Deal With
It](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/eco-anxiety/)

  * [![Body-Focused Repetitive Behaviors \(BFRBs\): Definition, Symptoms, & Types](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-id=MTQ1MjoxMTIxNg==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNzAwIDQ0MSIgd2lkdGg9IjcwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0NDEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/body-focused-repetitive-behavior/)

2022-09-28T10:43:01+00:00

#### [Body-Focused Repetitive Behaviors (BFRBs): Definition, Symptoms, &
Types](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/body-focused-repetitive-behavior/)

  * [![Passive Suicidal Ideation: Definition, Treatments, & How to Get Help](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-id=MTQ1MjoxMjQyOQ==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNzAwIDQ0MSIgd2lkdGg9IjcwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0NDEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/passive-suicidal-ideation/)

2022-07-25T19:05:00+00:00

#### [Passive Suicidal Ideation: Definition, Treatments, & How to Get
Help](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/passive-suicidal-ideation/)

  * [![CBT for PTSD: How It Works, Examples & Effectiveness](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-id=MTQ1MjoxMzU2NQ==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNzAwIDQ0MSIgd2lkdGg9IjcwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0NDEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cbt-for-ptsd/)

2022-08-30T15:33:44+00:00

#### [CBT for PTSD: How It Works, Examples &
Effectiveness](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/cbt-for-ptsd/)

### Professional Background

I have previously worked in so many places where I have grown and learned
different skills, lessons, approaches, and grew as a person! My mental health
work began as a direct staff in a group home with individuals who had
developmental disabilities as well as co-morbid mental health diagnoses, where
I provided behavioral plans and expectations, structures, socialization
skills, and monitored medication adherence. After this, I began working as a
case manager at a local mental health agency where I applied the counseling
and de-escalation skills I was learning, assisted in accessing and applying
for local resources that provide stability, teaching my individuals life and
socialization skills to support themselves and increase their support system
and helping my individuals maintain stability both on a team that was for
those who have difficulty maintaining engagement with their services and then
for those first entering the agency.

Once I was licensed, I transitioned to a hospital and jail liaison
diagnostician, where I coordinated with local hospitals and justice centers in
completing intake assessments as well as coordinating follow up and treatment
plans with each individual so that they could access services upon leaving &
reduce recidivism in the community; I also treated my own counseling clients
via the agency at this time.

I have been working with the Justice Center for over a year now as a mental
health professional, where we provide counseling individuals on a crisis and
brief solution basis (more often than not, this includes suicide risk
assessment/placement on suicide watch, de-escalation, death notification &
processing, and similar items) as well as see them on rounds every day. I
complete assessments with identified diagnoses & have some care management
roles in helping refer and coordinate with local services to stabilize them in
the community prior to release. I also volunteer at Mental Health America as a
pro-bono counselor in a variety of counseling services for those who are un-
or under-insured to obtain supervision hours & maintain my long-term
counseling skills. I am currently pursuing my LPCC and further growth in many
areas!

  * [About Us](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/about-us/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/contact-us/)
  * [Write for Us](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/write-for-us/)
  * [Careers](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/careers/)

  * [Editorial Policy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/editorial-policy/)
  * [Advertising Policy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/advertising-policy/)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of Service](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/terms-of-service/)
  * [No Surprises Act](https://www.choosingtherapy.com/notice-of-no-surprises-act/)

For immediate help call:

Medical Emergency:

911

Suicide Hotline:

800-273-8255

See more Crisis Hotlines

[Crisis Hotlines here](/hotlines/ "See more Crisis Hotlines")

[](https://www.facebook.com/ChoosingTherapy/ "Facebook")
[](https://www.instagram.com/choosingtherapy/ "Instagram")
[](https://twitter.com/ChooseTherapy "Twitter")
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/choosing-therapy/ "LinkedIn")
[](https://www.pinterest.com/Choosing_Therapy "Pinterest")
[](https://www.tiktok.com/@choosingtherapy "Tiktok")
[](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHEpPGGSL8WewHMUVuQekpA "YouTube")

For immediate help call:

Medical Emergency:  
911

Suicide Hotline:  
800-273-8255

[See more Crisis Hotlines  
here](/hotlines/ "See more Crisis Hotlines")

[![logo](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTU4NTo2Mzk=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMzQ5IDM0IiB3aWR0aD0iMzQ5IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjM0IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)](/)

This site complies with the [HONcode standard for trustworthy
health](https://www.healthonnet.org/HONcode/Conduct.html) information:  
[verify
here.](https://www.healthonnet.org/HONcode/Conduct.html?HONConduct10219325)

[ ![This website is certified by Health On the Net Foundation. Click to
verify.](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTU5NDozMjQ=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNTIgNjQiIHdpZHRoPSI1MiIgaGVpZ2h0PSI2NCIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)
](https://www.healthonnet.org/HONcode/Conduct.html?HONConduct10219325)

[ ![Choosing Therapy Logo](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTYxMjoxNDY=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMzQ5IDM0IiB3aWR0aD0iMzQ5IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjM0IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)
](/)

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by
remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you
consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit Cookie Settings
to provide controlled consent. Cookie settings ACCEPT

Privacy & Cookies Policy

Close

#### Privacy Overview

We use cookies to facilitate website functionality. Also, we use third-party
cookies to track your website behavior and target advertising. These cookies
are stored in your browser only with your consent, and you have the choice of
opting out.

Necessary

Necessary

Always Enabled

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function
properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic
functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not
store any personal information.

Non Necessary

non-necessary

Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function
and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads,
other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory
to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

Save & Accept

