Skip to content

[ ![Space-O Technologies \(Canada\)](https://www.spaceo.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/07/space-o-new-logo.png) ](https://www.spaceo.ca/
"Space-O Technologies \(Canada\)")

  * ![Email](/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/icon-email.svg)[[email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#1c6f7d70796f5c6f6c7d7f7973327f7d)
  *   * ![Canada Flag](/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/icon-canada-flag.svg)[+1 (437) 488-7337](tel:14374887337)

Menu

  * About

    * [About Us](https://www.spaceo.ca/about-us/)
    * [Testimonials](https://www.spaceo.ca/testimonials/)
  * [Services ](/services/)

    * ![Design and development](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIzOCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIzMiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDM4IDMyIj48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)Design & Development
      * [Mobile App Development](/services/mobile-app-development/)
      * [Web Development](/services/web-development/)
      * [UI/UX Design](/services/ui-ux-design/)
      * [Enterprise App Development](/services/enterprise-application-development/)
      * [ERP Software Development](https://www.spaceo.ca/services/erp-software-development/)
      * [Healthcare Software Development](https://www.spaceo.ca/services/healthcare-software-development/)
      * [App Development Consulting](https://www.spaceo.ca/services/app-development-consulting/)
      * [Web Development Consulting](/services/website-development-consulting/)
      * [Software Development Consulting](https://www.spaceo.ca/services/software-development-consulting/)
    * ![hire-developer](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI0MCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIzMSIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDQwIDMxIj48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)Hire Developers
      * [Hire App Developers](https://www.spaceo.ca/hire/app-developers/)
      * [Hire iPhone App Developers](https://www.spaceo.ca/hire/iphone-app-developers/)
      * [Hire Android App Developers](https://www.spaceo.ca/hire/android-app-developers/)
      * [Hire Flutter Developers](https://www.spaceo.ca/hire/flutter-developers/)
      * [Hire Full-stack Developers](https://www.spaceo.ca/hire/full-stack-app-developers/)
      * [Hire RoR Developers](https://www.spaceo.ca/hire/ruby-on-rails-developers/)
      * [Hire Web Developers](https://www.spaceo.ca/hire/web-developers/)
      * [Hire Software Developers](https://www.spaceo.ca/hire/software-developers/)
      * [Hire PHP Developers](https://www.spaceo.ca/hire/php-developers/)

We build custom mobile app and software solutions. Explore our work now!

Our Work

  * Technology

    * ![Technology](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIzOCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIzMiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDM4IDMyIj48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)Technology
      * [iPhone App Development](/services/iphone-app-development/)
      * [Android App Development](/services/android-app-development/)
      * [Swift App Development](/services/swift-app-development/)
      * [React Native Development](/services/react-native-app-development/)
      * [Ruby on Rails Development](/services/ruby-on-rails-development/)
      * [Flutter App Development](/services/flutter-app-development/)
      * [PHP Development](/services/php-development/)
      * [WordPress Development](/services/wordpress-development/)
      * [Full Stack Development](/services/full-stack-development/)
      * [Laravel Development](/services/laravel-development/)
      * [Kotlin App Development](/services/kotlin-app-development/)
      * [Artificial Intelligence](/services/artificial-intelligence-development/)

We convert ideas into successful mobile and web-based solutions.

View Our Portfolio

  * [Solutions ](/solutions/)

    * ![Enterprise solution](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIzOCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIzMiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDM4IDMyIj48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)Enterprise Solutions
      * [HRMS](/solutions/human-resource-management-system/)
      * [POS System](/solutions/pos-system-software/)
      * [Custom CRM](/solutions/crm-software/)
      * [Supply Chain Management](/solutions/supply-chain-management-software/)
    * ![Industry Specific Solution](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIzOCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIzMiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDM4IDMyIj48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)Industry Specific Solution
      * [Uber for X](/solutions/uber-for-x/)
      * [EV Solution](/solutions/ev-charging-software/)
      * [Healthcare](/solutions/healthcare-software/)
      * [Real Estate](/solutions/real-estate-property-management/)
      * [Event Management](/solutions/event-management-software/)
      * [Taxi Booking App](/solutions/taxi-app-development-like-uber/)
      * [Food and Beverage](/solutions/food-beverage-software/)

Planning to automate your business and streamline daily process? We can
develop custom solution to suffice your needs.

Contact Us Now

  * [Our Work](/case-study/)
  * Resources

    * [Blog](/blog/)
    * [Guides](https://www.spaceo.ca/guide/)
  * [Contact Us](/contact-us/)
    * [![Email](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIyOHAiIGhlaWdodD0iIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjhwICI+PHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6I2ZmZmZmZjtmaWxsLW9wYWNpdHk6IDAuMTsiLz48L3N2Zz4=) [email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#8cffede0e9ffccfffcedefe9e3a2efed)
    *     * [![Canada Flag](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIyOHAiIGhlaWdodD0iIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjhwICI+PHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6I2ZmZmZmZjtmaWxsLW9wYWNpdHk6IDAuMTsiLz48L3N2Zz4=) +1 (437) 488-7337](tel:14374887337)

![hire-fullstack-developer-
service](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI4NDgiIGhlaWdodD0iNjIwIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgODQ4IDYyMCI+PHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6I2ZmZmZmZjtmaWxsLW9wYWNpdHk6IDAuMTsiLz48L3N2Zz4=)

# Hire PHP Developers in Canada

Are you planning to hire PHP developers for your project? Hire the best remote
PHP programmers who are well-versed in using Laravel, CodeIgniter, Yii, MVC
Framework Architecture, and MySQL. Whether it is code-fixing or building an
enterprise-level application, get a robust, scalable, and feature-rich
application within a fixed time and budget. Get in touch with us to hire
experienced PHP developers.

  * Senior PHP Developers
  * Regular Work Updates
  * Secured and Risk-free Development
  * Your Choice of Team
  * Scalable and Clean Code
  * No Cost Until You Hire

Build Your Team in JUST 24 Hours.

Hire experienced PHP developers to bring your idea to life.

Hire PHP Developers Now ****

## Key Highlights of Space-O

![Analysis and
planning](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

 **100 +** **Happy Clients Worldwide**

![Analysis and
planning](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

 **300 +** **Projects Completed Successfully**

![Analysis and
planning](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

 **65 %** **Repeated & Referral Business**

## Our Full-stack PHP Developers Have Experience In

Hire our dedicated PHP programmers who have experience in using opensource
platforms. Having worked with more than 300 clients across the globe, we have
successfully delivered custom PHP solutions and developed top websites for
start-ups and enterprises. Hire PHP coders for the following services.

![Custom PHP Web
Development](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI2MHAiIGhlaWdodD0iIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNjBwICI+PHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6I2ZmZmZmZjtmaWxsLW9wYWNpdHk6IDAuMTsiLz48L3N2Zz4=)

### [Custom PHP Web Development](/services/php-development/)

Do not compromise the speed and loading time of your web applications. Develop
your web application using PHP to get a highly secured, responsive, and robust
solution. Hire PHP programmers from Space-O who have experience to use PHP
tools like Zend Studio, Netbeans, CodeLobster, and libraries like Monolog,
Guzzle, PHPUnit, Assert, Twig, and Faker.

![PHP Upgradation and
Migration](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI2MHAiIGhlaWdodD0iIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNjBwICI+PHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6I2ZmZmZmZjtmaWxsLW9wYWNpdHk6IDAuMTsiLz48L3N2Zz4=)

### PHP Upgradation and Migration

Want to upgrade your website with the latest features? Looking to migrate your
web applications from the technologies like Java, .NET, and Python? Increased
data security, improve inefficiencies, and make your business more agile by
hiring PHP developers from Space-O. Get in touch with us for upgradation and
migration service.

![CMS, CRM, ERP
Development](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI2MHAiIGhlaWdodD0iIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNjBwICI+PHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6I2ZmZmZmZjtmaWxsLW9wYWNpdHk6IDAuMTsiLz48L3N2Zz4=)

### CMS, CRM, ERP Development

Need CMS, CRM, or ERP solutions for your business? Looking for an easy-to-use
website or want to streamline the existing business process? Hire our
dedicated PHP web developers who have the experience to develop custom PHP
solutions like roofing management systems, event management websites, meat
processing, and packaging solution.

![SaaS Product
Development](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI2MHAiIGhlaWdodD0iIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNjBwICI+PHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6I2ZmZmZmZjtmaWxsLW9wYWNpdHk6IDAuMTsiLz48L3N2Zz4=)

### SaaS Product Development

Want to develop ready-to-use software with zero downtime deployment? Worried
about data protection or time & cost management? Contact us to share your
requirement with us. Being a top PHP web development company in Canada, we
specialized in developing feature-packed, secured, and safe SaaS-based PHP
solutions within your budget and timeline.

![PHP Extension
Development](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI2MHAiIGhlaWdodD0iIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNjBwICI+PHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6I2ZmZmZmZjtmaWxsLW9wYWNpdHk6IDAuMTsiLz48L3N2Zz4=)

### PHP Extension Development

With our PHP developer rest assured that you get a PHP extension that is
stable and portable amongst different versions of PHP. With our PHP extension
development service, quickly add new features to your solution and save
significant time. Being one of the top PHP development companies, we have
experience in building custom extensions. Let's talk.

![MVP Web
Development](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI2MHAiIGhlaWdodD0iIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNjBwICI+PHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6I2ZmZmZmZjtmaWxsLW9wYWNpdHk6IDAuMTsiLz48L3N2Zz4=)

### MVP Web Development

Want to test the feasibility of your idea in the market? Need to launch the
product fast with minimum features? Develop an MVP for your business and
create a prototype of your project idea. Hire a PHP web developer from Space-O
and build the market-ready solution. Let’s talk and discuss your business
idea.

## Hire Top PHP Developers From Space-O

Want a PHP programmer to build secured and custom web solutions? Looking for
an experienced PHP developer who has extensive knowledge of HTML, CSS, and
Javascript? Need a remote PHP team who has database management skills and can
easily handle the traffic flow? Let’s talk one-to-one to discuss your business
idea.

Choose the experienced PHP developer from Space-O who are well-versed in
handling MVC architecture and integrating API in your solution. Develop the
budget-friendly and highly performative web solution by hiring senior PHP
coders from us. From fortune 500 companies to start-ups, we have successfully
delivered custom PHP solutions to 100+ clients across the world.

Eliminate the need of deploying costly infrastructure and get the project on
time by building an extended PHP team. From idea validation to designing, from
web development to maintenance- rely on our PHP developer to get your custom
solution ready without compromising quality. Build your extended team and get
your next project ready as per your custom needs.

![Full Stack
Developers](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[Hire Full Stack  
Developers](/hire/full-stack-app-developers/)

![RoR
Developers](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[Hire RoR  
Developers](/hire/ruby-on-rails-developers/)

![Web
Developers](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[Hire Web  
Developers](/hire/web-developers/)

![Software
developer](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[Hire Software  
Developers](/hire/software-developers/)

## Our Recent Projects

![Event Management
Website](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### [Event Management Website](/case-study/event-management-website-
development/)

Schedulesite is an event management website that enables users to explore,
schedule, and share events with their peers. Developed by a dedicated team of
PHP engineers, businesses can check their insights, promote services, and
generate sales by partnering with other start-ups. Real-time data analysis,
ROI calculation, and reporting tools for financial management are some of the
perks of this event management website.

![ios](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

![Aviation Maintenance
Solution](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### [Aviation Maintenance Solution](/case-study/mro-software-aviation-
maintenance-app/)

Brakes Off is a web application solution for aviation companies that helps to
perform inspections faster and ensures aircraft safety. Developed by our web
developers, we automated 80% of the generating and maintaining MRO inspection
reports. It even eliminated duplication of work and errors by 90%, which used
to occur while making paper-based reports.

![Android](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![ios](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

![Meat Processing and Managing
Software](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### [Meat Processing Web Solution](/case-study/meat-processing-packaging-
automation/)

This web solution automates the entire operation of receiving and tracking
orders from a single platform. The company saved 70% of the time in generating
reports with this web solution. This software project increased productivity
by 60% and made it easier for the employees to streamline the meat packaging
operations.

![ios](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

![On-demand Taxi Booking
Software](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### [On-demand Taxi Booking Software](/case-study/on-demand-taxi-booking-app-
development/)

Houdini is an on-demand ride-sharing app that enables riders to book rides at
their convenience. Using the latest web development frameworks, we developed
the driver’s backend of this solution. Fare management, report generation, and
user management are some of the features we integrated into this application.

![Android](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![ios](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![ios](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

![On-demand House Cleaning
Solution](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### [On-demand House Cleaning Solution](/case-study/on-demand-house-cleaning-
app-like-uber/)

UpMaid is a custom software solution for an on-demand house cleaning service
provider company. This solution provides a platform to connect hosts and
contractors in real-time. Within just a few clicks, both the parties (host and
contractors) can connect and communicate and get the task done.

![Android](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![ios](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![ios](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[View All Case Studies](/case-study/)

Talk To Our Experts

## Our Engagement Models to Hire PHP Developers

We have three engagement models which can be customizable as per your business
requirements. We suggest you the best one that fits your budget, timeline, and
deliverables. Hire a remote team of experienced PHP developers by choosing any
of these engagement models.

![Part-time
Developer](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI0MCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0MCIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDQwIDQwIj48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)

### Part-time Developers

Hire our PHP developers on a part-time project basis according to your custom
requirements.

  * ![checked-engagement](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxNiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxNiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDE2IDE2Ij48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)Start-ups and medium-size projects
  * ![checked-engagement](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxNiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxNiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDE2IDE2Ij48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)4 hours a day, 5 days a week
  * ![checked-engagement](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxNiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxNiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDE2IDE2Ij48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)Billing Cycle : Monthly

 **80** hours/month

Hi, I want to hire part-time PHP developers in Canada. Can you call me to
discuss this further?Hire Part Time Developers  

Recommended

![full time
Developer](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI0MCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0MCIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDQwIDQwIj48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)

### Full-time Developers

Hire dedicated PHP programmers for full-time in 24 hours and kick-start your
project.

  * ![checked-engagement](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxNiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxNiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDE2IDE2Ij48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)Enterprise and medium-size projects
  * ![checked-engagement](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxNiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxNiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDE2IDE2Ij48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)8 hours a day, 5 days a week
  * ![checked-engagement](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxNiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxNiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDE2IDE2Ij48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)Billing Cycle : Monthly

 **160** hours/month

Hi, I want to hire full-time PHP developers in Canada. Can you call me to
discuss this further?Hire Full Time Developers  

![Hourly
Developer](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI0MCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0MCIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDQwIDQwIj48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)

### Hourly Developers

Outsource PHP software developers at an hourly rate to achieve your business
needs.

  * ![checked-engagement](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxNiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxNiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDE2IDE2Ij48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)Start-ups and medium-size projects
  * ![checked-engagement](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxNiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxNiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDE2IDE2Ij48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)Based on your requirements
  * ![checked-engagement](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxNiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxNiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDE2IDE2Ij48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)Weekly/Monthly

 **Custom** hours

Hi, I want to hire dedicated PHP developers developers in Canada. Can you call
me to discuss this further? Hire Dedicated Developers  

Looking for a Custom Hiring Model to Build Your Remote PHP Team?

Schedule a call with us today. With us, you get a flexible engagement model to
support your complex business operations. Contact us.

Hire PHP Developers Now

## Why Hire Dedicated PHP Developers from Space-O?

When you hire our PHP developers from Space-O, you get these benefits.

![Free
Consultation](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)  

30-min Free  
Consultation

![NDA
signing](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)  

NDA  
signing

![Skilled software
developers](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)  

Skilled PHP  
developers

![Budget-friendly
development](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)  

Budget-friendly  
development

![Easy team
scaling](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)  

Easy team  
scaling

![On-time Project
Delivery](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)  

On-time Project  
Delivery

![Flexible hiring
models](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)  

Flexible hiring  
models

![Time-zone
compatibility](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)  

Time-zone  
compatibility

![No training
hassles](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)  

No training  
hassles

## Technology Skills of PHP Software Developers

Our PHP developers have experience in working with the latest PHP tools, PHP
programming language, and PHP frameworks. Let’s have a quick glance over the
technological expertise our PHP developers hold when you hire Space-O.

  * PHP Frameworks
  * Database 
  * Server 

![Laravel](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[Laravel](https://www.spaceo.ca/services/laravel-development/)

![CodeIgniter](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

CodeIgniter

![Yii](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

Yii

![Redis](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

Redis

![MongoDB](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

MongoDB

![MySQL](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

MySQL

![PostgreSQL](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

PostgreSQL

![AWS](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

AWS

![Apache HTTP
Server](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

Apache HTTP Server

![Nginx](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

Nginx

![Litespeed](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

Litespeed

## Testimonials

A Few Words From Our Clients About Our Customer Service

![Ashish
Fernandez](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

 **Ashish Fernandez** Canada

Space-O understood our expectations and were receptive to feedback. The team
always resolved problems within 12 hours. The app earned positive feedback and
a 400% increase in the number of user. Effective QA and QC made development
seamless and efficient. The team was communicative and available on available
to work on weekends as needed. Bug fixes were always completed within 12-hour
time-frame.

![Rok
Areh](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

 **Rok Areh** Slovenia, Europe

Space-O Technologies delivered an improved MVP that increased customer
satisfaction. Their effective project management allowed for full cooperation
between the two teams and fostered a trusting and long-lasting relationship.
They proved themselves to be highly professional and customer-oriented. We are
very glad that they are offering us non-stop support, they have short feedback
periods, high level of professionalism and willingness to hear the customer
needs.

## Industries We Serve

![Healthcare](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[Healthcare & Fitness](/solutions/healthcare-software/)

![Food
](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[Food and Beverage](/solutions/food-beverage-software/)

![Supply Chain Management
](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[Supply Chain Management](/solutions/supply-chain-management-software/)

![Transportation](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[Transportation](/solutions/uber-for-x/)

![Real Estate
](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[Real Estate](/solutions/real-estate-property-management/)

![Custom
CRM](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[Custom CRM](/solutions/crm-software/)

![Events
](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[Events](/solutions/event-management-software/)

![HRMS
](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

[HRMS](/solutions/human-resource-management-system/)

![Travel
](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

Travel and Leisure

![Insurance
](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

Insurance

Need Experienced PHP Software Developers?

Hire PHP software developers for your projects. With a free consultation
session, discuss your idea, get it validated, and start developing your next
web solution.

Hire Skilled PHP Developers

## Follow 6 Simple Steps To Hire PHP Developers

Build your extended team for your PHP software development in just 24 hours.
For hiring our PHP developers, you just need to follow 6 simple steps.

1

![Schedule A
Call](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### Schedule A Call

Book your 30-mins free consultation through the contact us form. On scheduling
a call, one of our experienced PHP consultants contacts you in a maximum of 8
working hours. Whether you have a question or a challenge, or simply looking
for advice, you can discuss all your requirements on a call.

2

![Requirement
Discussion](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### Requirement Discussion

We understand your idea, goals, and results you want to achieve. After knowing
the whereabouts of your projects, we suggest a technology stack, engagement
model, and the number of software developers needed. Based on your
requirements, we provide the tentative cost and timeline of the project.

3

![Resume
Screening](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### Resume Screening

If you want to go ahead with the PHP development project, we screen the
resumes of PHP developers based on the technical skills your project requires.
So, you find PHP developers that are most suitable for your project. For that,
we provide the CVs of the selected candidates to help you select the best PHP
developers for your project.

4

![Interview Team
Members](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### Interview Team Members

Take a technical interview with a web developer to know the communication
skills, specific skills, gaps, and proficiencies. Once you select the best
remote PHP team for your project, we plan out the strategies to move ahead
with your project.

5

![NDA](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### Hiring & NDA Signing

If you are satisfied with the selected in-house team or remote team of
candidates, we discuss the payment structure, engagement model, and working
hours with you. Then we sign an NDA to protect your idea and sensitive
information.

6

![PHP
Development](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### PHP Development

We conduct a meeting with the developers and allocate a project manager who
will be in touch with you throughout the PHP development process. Once the app
is developed and tested, we even deploy your PHP software solution on the
server.

## Frequently Asked Questions About Hiring PHP Developers

How much does it cost to hire a PHP developer?

The cost of hiring a PHP developer depends on your project requirements and
the engagement model you select. If you want to know the exact cost of hiring
a dedicated PHP developer, schedule a call with us today. We discuss the
project requirements, define the work hours, and give you a detailed cost
breakdown. We provide you with the exact cost of development before we start
with the development process. You do not have to pay anything extra.

What do you provide in 30-min free consultation service?

In our 30-min free consulting service, we discuss your business and your
project requirements. We validate your project idea, suggest your technology
stack, and even recommend the number of PHP developers you require for your
project. We help you with the tentative plan and timeline and give you a
personalized quote for your custom PHP project.

Is your privacy policy reliable?

Yes, we sign an NDA before starting with the development process. All the
employees working with us sign a legal contract stating that they won't
disclose confidential information about the project, or people involved in the
project. Information sharing will be just limited to a need-to-know basis. We
assure you that your information is always in safe hands.

Do I get the ownership of the source code?

Yes, you will have complete ownership of your entire PHP project, including
the source code, intellectual property rights, and copyright.

What is the industry expertise of your PHP developers?

Our dedicated PHP developers have expertise across various domains and
verticals including BFSI, healthcare, media and entertainment, eCommerce,
retail, travel & tourism, and more. So, you can find PHP programmers that fits
to your needs for your specific industry.

Will I have complete control over the hired PHP developers?

Yes, you will have complete control over the hired developers. When you hire
developers from Space-O, they work dedicatedly for your project only till it
is delivered. In case of changes in the development process, you can keep
sharing your requirements with the developers. You are even free to take
regular follow-ups to ensure the PHP development process is as per your custom
requirements.

If I hire a PHP developer, will that person be a point of contact?

You can definitely consult our PHP developers for your queries. But, along
with developers, we even allocate the project manager who can serve as your
primary point of contact. The assigned PM updates you about the whereabouts of
your project through Skype, mail, call, or basecamp communication channel.

Do you test and deploy web applications?

Yes, after development we test and deploy your web app on the server. When you
hire PHP developers from us, the code written by our developers gets tested on
60+ devices. During our testing process, we catch tricky bugs, fix
vulnerabilities, and ensure that your code is clean and maintainable.

  

×![Subscribe](https://www.spaceo.ca/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/email-icon.png)

Join our subscribers' list now!

Get top insights and news on latest technologies and trends right to your
inbox.

×

 **Let’s Discuss Your Idea**

![check](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)
All our projects are secured by NDA

![Secure](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)
100% Secure. Zero Spam.

Name *

Email *

Phone *✓ Valid

Select a serviceSelect a serviceWeb or Mobile Apps DevelopmentCustom Software
DevelopmentHire Dedicated DevelopersTechnology ConsultingProduct
DevelopmentIoT/AR/ML DevelopmentAPI Development/IntegrationOther

When do you want to start?When do you want to start?As soon as possibleNext
weekNext monthNot sure

BudgetApprox. budget$20k to $49k$50k to $99kAbove $100kNot Sure

Brief about the project *

Have a file to share?

![Download
icon](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

Upload your project brief here

x

upload

Only Document, Image or ZIP file. (Max size 8 MB)

![Ajax loader](https://www.spaceo.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/ajax-
loader.gif)

Schedule Your Free Consultation ****

![Bashar
Anabtawi](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

“I was mostly happy with the high level of experience and professionalism of
the various teams that worked on my project. Not only they clearly understood
my exact technical requirements but even suggested better ways in doing them.
The Communication tools that were used were excellent and easy. And finally
and most importantly, the interaction, follow up and support from the top
management was great. Space-O not delivered a high quality product but
exceeded my expectations! I would definitely hire them again for future jobs!”

Bashar Anabtawi

Canada

![testimonial](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

“Thanks to Space-O Technologies’ work, the app launched as the business’s
flagship product. They improved upon client ideas by providing alternative
suggestions, which led to a better final product. I had a main point of
contact who did all of the requirements gathering and overall project
management coordination. It worked very well. The thing that was the most
impressive for me was that they weren’t just blindly following directions.
There were multiple times when I came in with an idea that they then made
suggestions on to improve it or helped me rework it to flow better in the
overall app.”

Alex Corstorphine

USA

 ****Canada

2 County Court Blvd., Suite 400,  
Brampton, Ontario L6W 3W8

[View](https://g.page/space-o-canada?share)

**Phone:** [+1 (437) 488-7337](tel:+1 \(437\) 488-7337)

 **Email:** [[email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-
protection#c4b7a5a8a1b784b7b4a5a7a1abeaa7a5)

Your Dream Project is Just a Click Away

Collaborate with the best in the industry. Let’s talk and get your project
moving.

Book Your Free Consultation

Our Office

 **Toronto Office**

2 County Court Blvd., Suite 400,  
Brampton, Ontario L6W 3W8,  
Canada

[View](https://g.page/space-o-canada?share)

Have Questions?

Get in touch with us  
**[+1 (437) 488-7337](tel:14374887337)**

Follow Us

[
**![facebook](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSI4cCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA4cCAiPjxyZWN0IHdpZHRoPSIxMDAlIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjEwMCUiIHN0eWxlPSJmaWxsOiNmZmZmZmY7ZmlsbC1vcGFjaXR5OiAwLjE7Ii8+PC9zdmc+)**](https://www.facebook.com/SpaceoCA/)
[
**![linkedin](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxN3AiIGhlaWdodD0iIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTdwICI+PHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6I2ZmZmZmZjtmaWxsLW9wYWNpdHk6IDAuMTsiLz48L3N2Zz4=)**](https://www.linkedin.com/company/space-
o-canada) [
**![twitter](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxN3AiIGhlaWdodD0iIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTdwICI+PHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6I2ZmZmZmZjtmaWxsLW9wYWNpdHk6IDAuMTsiLz48L3N2Zz4=)**](https://twitter.com/SpaceoCanada)
[
**![skype](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxN3AiIGhlaWdodD0iIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTdwICI+PHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6I2ZmZmZmZjtmaWxsLW9wYWNpdHk6IDAuMTsiLz48L3N2Zz4=)**](skype:Spaceo.inquiry)

  * [Terms& Conditions](/terms-and-conditions/)
  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy/)
  * [Sitemap](/sitemap/)

Copyright (C) 2017 -2022 Space-O Technologies (Canada). All Rights Reserved [
![DMCA.com Protection
Status](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxNTBwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IiIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDE1MHAgIj48cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiBzdHlsZT0iZmlsbDojZmZmZmZmO2ZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eTogMC4xOyIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)](https://www.dmca.com/Protection/Status.aspx?ID=d041334f-9433-4192-bac7-8211b0b33cac&refurl=https://www.spaceo.ca/
"DMCA.com Protection Status")

[ ](javascript:void\(0\); "Scroll back to top")

