[Thomas Kane Charities](https://thomaskanechicago.com "Thomas Kane Charities")

# Thomas Kane

__

  * [HOME](https://thomaskanechicago.com/)
  * [THOMAS KANE BIO (WIKI PAGE)](https://thomaskanechicago.com/thomas-kane-bio/)
  * [GALLERY](https://thomaskanechicago.com/gallery/)
  * [Blog](https://thomaskanechicago.com/blog/)
  * [Thomas Kane’s Work with Community Organizations](https://thomaskanechicago.com/thomas-kanes-work-with-community-organizations/)

# Celebrating America's Museums with Bank of America

Posted by[Thomas Kane](https://thomaskanechicago.com/author/thomas-kane/)
[June 11, 2021June 11, 2021](https://thomaskanechicago.com/celebrating-
americas-museums-with-bank-of-america/)

Museums across the world — along with artists everywhere — have had a [rough
12 months](https://www.dw.com/en/art-behind-locked-doors-how-galleries-
continue-to-suffer-during-covid-19/a-56424221), from the Louvre in Paris to
the Hamburger Kunstalle in Hamburg to the Washington National Gallery.

In the US, many states have reopened their economies and then closed them
again several times over the last year. Many Americans continued to gather in
large groups, especially on beaches or other outdoor places.

But for the most part, America’s museums have been permanently closed since
the pandemic began in March 2020. They’ve turned to social media outreach and
building their digital collections, even as they were forced to layoff staff
and bar all physical visitors.

As America vaccinates its population and reopens its economy, we should all
take a moment to support the institutions that preserve some of the most
incredible accomplishments in human history.

That could be a financial donation, or it could simply be sharing content on
social media celebrating these places and the art they protect for all of us.

That’s why I think Bank of America’s decision to support the best museums in
the country is both timely and important. The company has launched a [video
series](https://about.bankofamerica.com/en-us/what-guides-us/arts-and-
culture.html?cm_mmc=EBZ-MuseumsOnUs-_-email-_-
ED24EM000L_commitment_cta_textlink_bottom_093020-_-01441_Museums_On_Us#fbid=nfbLjVOg_x8)
called
[#BofAMasterpieceMoment](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/?keywords=bofamasterpiecemoment&highlightedUpdateUrns=urn%3Ali%3Aactivity%3A6787400228384370688),
providing a platform to the best curators in the country at the best museums
in the country, and asking them to simply talk about some of their favorite
works of art.

These are brilliant people speaking passionately about art directly to us —
the people who haven’t been able to go to these places for more than a year.
It’s an incredible initiative, and more than worth a little of our time.

There are so many gems here.

There’s Thelma Golden, director and chief curator of The Studio Museum in
Harlem discussing the jazz-inspired masterpiece
[“Trane,”](https://about.bankofamerica.com/en/making-an-impact/masterpiece-
moment) a nine-and-a-half-foot-tall surrealist painting by William T.
Williams.

Here at the Art Institute of Chicago, we have James Rondeau, President and
Eloise W. Martin Director, discussing the timeless masterpiece by Georges
Seurat, [“A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte –
1884.”](https://about.bankofamerica.com/en/making-an-impact/masterpiece-
moment) It was called a “scandal” at its debut before eventually becoming one
of the most important and widely recognized paintings of the 19th Century.

Or you can get an insider’s understanding of Joan Mitchell’s gorgeous abstract
painting [“Low Water”](https://about.bankofamerica.com/en/making-an-
impact/masterpiece-moment) from Eric Crosby, the Henry J. Heinz II director at
the Carnegie Museum of Art in Pittsburgh.

A new episode of Bank of America’s Masterpiece Moment will be available every
two weeks throughout the year. Click
[here](https://twitter.com/BankofAmerica/status/1354534657233137665) to
receive Twitter notifications every time a new video is released.

If you love art or even if you just want to spend a few minutes feeling like
you’re in the tranquil space of a museum, these videos scratch that itch.

I know that this is tough time for many of us. We’re looking for work, or
looking for more work, or trying to buy a house in a competitive market. There
are so many reasons to do something that seems more practical than spending
time with art.

I get that. But I also know that few things connect us to ourselves and to the
arc of human history like the experience of great art.

Like going to the park or finishing a good book, these experiences — even from
a distance — are more than a distraction. The take us outside of our daily
problems, if just for a moment, and allow us to feel a little more free, a
little more connected to the universal struggle.

I find comfort in that, and I hope you can find it, too.

And if you feel inspired by these paintings the way that I do, then I urge you
to support your local museum with a donation. The arts need us, and for the
sake of our children’s children, they deserve our support.

Posted by[Thomas Kane](https://thomaskanechicago.com/author/thomas-kane/)[June
11, 2021June 11, 2021](https://thomaskanechicago.com/celebrating-americas-
museums-with-bank-of-america/)Posted
in[Blog](https://thomaskanechicago.com/category/blog/)

## Post navigation

[Previous Post Previous post:  
Help the Windy City by Donating to These
Charities](https://thomaskanechicago.com/help-the-windy-city-by-donating-to-
these-charities/)

[Next Post Next post:  
Support Chicago Artists: Return to the Art Institute of
Chicago](https://thomaskanechicago.com/support-chicago-artists-return-to-the-
art-institute-of-chicago/)

Thomas Kane Community Involvement

